Introduction
Welcome to www.1886fashion.com, the high-end streetwear brand and luxury. we strive to ensure our customers receive an effortless shopping experience and we hope you enjoy all our website offers. A property of 1886 Fashion Trading Co Ltd, a body corporate doing business in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia. This document constitutes a legally binding agreement ("Agreement") governing the terms of use for our website: www.1886fashion.com.
By using this website, you signify your acceptance of this Agreement.
Throughout this document, the words "1886 Fashion,"  "us," "we," and "our," refer to us, 1886 Fashion, our website, www.1886fashion.com, or our services, as is appropriate in the context of the use of the words. Likewise, the words "you" and "“your" refer to you, the person who is being presented with this document for your agreement.
By registering for our website as a member, you are agreeing to receive regular newsletters and marketing-related emails from 1886 Fashion. Should you wish to be removed from our email list, you can unsubscribe or terminate your account at any time.
1. Description of Service
1886 Fashion is an online e-commerce concept store for fashion and retail targeting men's and women's styles.
   2. Information Supplied
When using our website to place an order, you will provide your name, email address, mailing address, date of birth, payment information, and telephone number.
In addition to providing us with the above information about yourself, you must be eighteen years of age or older, or, if a higher minimum age of contractual capacity exists in your jurisdiction, you must be at least that age. Additionally, you are not considered to be under a disability to enter a contract with us, whether it be because of an embargo in or against your jurisdiction or any other reason.
Your submission of personal information through the store is governed by our Privacy Policy.
 
 
 
   3. Image Terms of Use
Editors typically include images as part of their blog posts and the images that they are authorized to use include the following:
   * Images that are licensed from vendors.
   * Images that are supplied to our editors or released into the public domain by public relations and marketing companies for press or other purposes.
   * Images that are supplied by readers, with the implied representation that the person submitting the image owns the copyright in the image and the right to give it to us for use on our site.
   * Images that are published on photo hosting sites or other public photo sites with licenses granted under Creative Commons, with attribution under the CC license granted in each case.
   * Images that are commissioned by 1886 Fashion.
Images that we believe to be covered by the Fair Use Doctrine, such as:
   * Thumbnail images of 150 x 150 pixels or less, cropped or reduced in size from the source.
   * Images that are used to illustrate a newsworthy story, where the image itself tells a story.
   * Images are used in a transformative manner, such as parody.
   * Images that are widely distributed have become part of the news.
If 1886 Fashion receives any notice that an image is posted inappropriately, such as not keeping in line with the terms listed above, we reserve the right to remove that image.
If you think we have published an image or text that violates your copyright, we will address your concerns; however, if the image falls into one of the listed categories above and we believe that our use of the image is legitimate, we will not remove it from the site.
   4. Editorial Control
We have the right, but not the obligation, to monitor or review all materials posted by any users on www.1886fashion.com, including on our social media forums or within our editorial comments. We reserve the right to edit, refuse to post, or remove any information or materials that we believe are objectionable or violate this Agreement, the Terms & Conditions, or applicable laws or regulations. We may remove any review or comment at any time for any reason (including, but not limited to, upon receipt of claims or allegations from third parties or authorities relating to such review or comment), or for no reason at all, with or without notice.
We may also impose limits on certain features, restricting your access to part or the entire website if it is believed that you may be in breach of these Terms & Conditions, any applicable laws/regulations, and/or for any other reason without notice or liability to us. Furthermore, it is acknowledged and agreed that any actions taken by us to improve the user experience of the website, including monitoring and/or reviewing all materials and subsequently editing, removing, or refusing to post such materials shall not be deemed to create any duty towards you nor shall it be deemed a basis for any liability against us.
   5. Contest Disclaimer
The maximum number of entries per person allowed during a contest period is as the contest has specified. Any attempt by a person to submit more than the stated maximum number of entries will be disqualified from participation in such a contest. 1886 Fashion is not responsible for lost, late, incomplete, invalid, unintelligible, illegible, misdirected, or postage-due entries, which will be disqualified. By participating in a contest, all entrants agree to abide by these official contest rules.
The winner(s) of a contest will be selected at random from the qualifying entries and will be contacted via email within three working days following the draw. The winner (s) must contact the person detailed in the email for confirmation and their full name will appear on the relevant site/social media. If the selected winner(s) does not respond within three days, another entrant will be selected in replacement. Please note that 1886 Fashion is not responsible for the payment of any customs or duties that may be incurred by the contest winner(s).
In consideration for your participation in a contest, the individual, group, organization, business, spectator, or other, does hereby release and forever discharge 1886 Fashion, and its officers, board, and employees, jointly and severally from any actions, cause of actions, claim and demands for, upon or because of any damage, loss or injury including death, which hereafter may be sustained by participating in such contest.
This release extends and applies to, and also covers, and includes, all unknown, unforeseen, unanticipated, and unsuspected injuries, damages, loss, and liability and the consequences thereof including death, as well as those now disclosed and known to exist. The provision of any state, federal, local, or territorial law or state providing a substance that releases shall not extend to claims, demands, injuries, or damages which are known or unsuspected to exist at this time, to the person executing such release, are hereby expressly waived.
It is further understood and agreed that said participation in a contest is not to be construed as an admission of any liability and acceptance of assumption of responsibility by 1886 Fashion, its officers, board, and employees, jointly and severally, for all damages and expenses for which 1886 Fashion, its officers, board, and employees, become liable as a result of any alleged act of the contest participant.
Prizes are non-transferable and cannot be exchanged for cash.
1886 Fashion reserves the right to offer an alternative prize if any prize is not available or under special situations.
Community
   6. Online Community Policy (Future features)
You do not have to register to visit our websites. To have access to certain features of 1886 Fashion, though, including our Forum, its private messaging service, and our blog comments section, users will need to create an 1886 Fashion account.
You must be at least eighteen years of age to take part in our online community.
At any time without notice, we may, at our discretion, suspend your access to 1886 Fashion, terminate your 1886 Fashion account, or remove your user content from any part of our website.
The 1886 Fashion Forum is a public place intended for entertainment, learning, and interacting with like-minded individuals. We are not responsible for any decisions you make based on something you read at the 1886 Fashion Forum.
When you post any comments or other material on our websites, in our Forum, our comments sections, or elsewhere, you agree to the following:
   * You must have the right to submit anything you post.
   * If non-original content is included in your posting, you must obtain permission from the content owner and retain all copyright and other proprietary notices displayed on the materials.
   * You must not post anything defamatory, slanderous, obscene, pornographic, violent, hateful, racist, harassing, fraudulent, or otherwise illegal and/or objectionable. We have the sole right to determine what is objectionable.
   * You must not violate or infringe upon the rights of any third party, including but not limited to, rights of privacy and publicity, copyright, trademark, trade secret, or any other personal or proprietary right of any other party.
   * You must not disrespect fellow 1886 Fashion members, including by harassment, threats, bullying, trolling, or any form of discrimination and bigotry.
   * You must not post anything that may create a risk of harm, loss, physical or mental injury, emotional distress, death, disability, disfigurement, or physical or mental illness to you or any person.
   * You must not post anything that seeks to harm or exploit children by exposing them to inappropriate content, asking for personally identifiable details, or posting any child pornography or sexually suggestive content involving minors.
   * You must not post anything that violates any applicable law, foreign or domestic.
   * You must not post any links to content which would if posted on our website, violate these Terms & Conditions.
   * You must not engage in unsolicited or unauthorized marketing or promotional activities, whether commercial or non-commercial, or any other form of solicitation, on our Forum through its private messaging service, on our blog comments section, or anywhere else on our websites or social media.
   * You may not use any material from our website/social media accounts, or post any material, in a manner that attributes a false or misleading statement to, or implies a false endorsement by, 1886 Fashion or related parties.
   * You must not collect, harvest, or post anyone’s sensitive personal information that relates to that person’s real-world or online identity including phone numbers, names, physical addresses, IP addresses, email addresses, and social media profiles. Any personal information posted about yourself is at your own risk, which we highly discourage.
   * You may not spam our websites or social media accounts, including the Forum and comments sections, with any embedded graphics, photographs, images, video, audio, chain letters, or other material that we deem to be junk or spam.
   * You must not provide any content that contains viruses, Trojan horses, worms, time bombs, cancelbots, or other computer programming routines that are intended to damage, interfere with, intercept, or expropriate any system, data, or personal information.
We do not expressly or implicitly endorse any user content submitted by users to our community. We take no responsibility for the content or share any views or statements expressed by any users on our website or social media accounts, the Forum, or within our editorial comments.
You are solely responsible for your user content and the consequences of submitting your user content to our website. We do not guarantee any confidentiality regarding the user content you submit.
By submitting user content, you hereby grant us (and our successors and affiliates) a worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, and transferable license to use, reproduce, distribute, prepare derivative works of, display, and perform your user content, including without limitation for promoting and redistributing part or all of your user content in any media formats and through any media channels now or hereafter known. You also hereby grant each user of the Website a non-exclusive license to access your user content through the Website.
If, at our request, you send certain specific submissions (for example contest entries) or without a request from us you send creative ideas, suggestions, proposals, plans, or other materials, whether online, by email, by postal mail, or otherwise (collectively, 'comments'), you agree that we may, at any time, without restriction, edit, copy, publish, distribute, translate and otherwise use in any medium any comments that you forward to us. We are and shall be under no obligation to: (1) maintain any comments in confidence; (2) pay compensation for any comments; or (3) respond to any comments.
 
We may, but have no obligation to, monitor, edit, or remove content that we determine in our sole discretion are unlawful, offensive, threatening, libelous, defamatory, pornographic, obscene, or otherwise objectionable or violates any party’s intellectual property or these Terms of Service.
You agree that your comments will not violate any right of any third party, including copyright, trademark, privacy, personality, or other personal or proprietary right. You further agree that your comments will not contain libelous or otherwise unlawful, abusive, or obscene material, or contain any computer virus or other malware that could in any way affect the operation of the Service or any related website. You may not use a false e-mail address, pretend to be someone other than yourself, or otherwise mislead us or third parties as to the origin of any comments. You are solely responsible for any comments you make and their accuracy. We take no responsibility and assume no liability for any comments posted by you or any third party.
 
 
   7. General Rules of Conduct
In addition to the requirements of our Online Community Policy above, as a part of using the 1886 Fashion Sites, you must not:
   * Hack, crack, phish, SQL injects, or otherwise threaten or harm the security of our systems or those of our users.
   * Use any automated or non-automated means to access, copy, or distribute any portion of the website or collect any information from the website, including without limitation, the use of so-called “robots”, “spiders”, “offline readers”, etc.
   * Infringe on the intellectual property rights of anyone.
   * Do anything that infringes on the rights of us or a third party.
   * Create more than one account, use another person’s account, or allow another person to use your account.
   * Advertise on our website without our permission.
   * Impersonate another person or organization.
We reserve the right to terminate our service to you for reasons other than those listed here. We may terminate your account without explanation.
   8. Third-Party Websites, Advertisers or Services, and User-Posted Links
We may include hyperlinks to third-party websites, advertisers, or services that are not owned or controlled by us, as well as third-party hyperlinks posted by users on our Forum, its private messaging service, or in our blog comments section. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party websites or services. If you access a third-party website from our website, you do so at your own risk and you understand that these Terms & Conditions and our Privacy Policy do not apply to your use of such sites. You acknowledge that we have no liability arising from your use of any third-party website or services or third-party content, or from your posting of any third-party links. We encourage you to review the terms of use and privacy policy of any third-party website or service that you visit.
Store
   9. Online Store Terms
By agreeing to these Terms of Service, you represent that you are at least the age of majority in your country or province of residence, or that you are the age of majority in your country or province of residence, and you have given us your consent to allow any of your minor dependents to use this site.
You may not use our products for any illegal or unauthorized purpose nor may you, in the use of the Service, violate any laws in your jurisdiction (including but not limited to copyright laws).
You must not transmit any worms or viruses or any code of a destructive nature.
A breach or violation of any of the Terms will result in an immediate termination of your Services.
The headings used in this agreement are included for convenience only and will not limit or otherwise affect these Terms.
   10. Accuracy, Completeness, and Timeliness of Information
We are not responsible if the information made available on this site is not accurate, complete, or current. The material on this site is provided for general information only and should not be relied upon or used as the sole basis for making decisions without consulting primary, more accurate, more complete, or more timely sources of information. Any reliance on the material on this site is at your own risk.
 
This site may contain certain historical information. Historical information, necessarily, is not current and is provided for your reference only. We reserve the right to modify the contents of this site at any time, but we have no obligation to update any information on our site. You agree that it is your responsibility to monitor changes to our site.
   11. 11.Modifications to the Service Prices
Prices for our products are subject to change without notice.
We reserve the right at any time to modify or discontinue the Service (or any part or content thereof) without notice at any time.
 
We shall not be liable to you or any third party for any modification, price change, suspension, or discontinuance of the Service.
   12. 12.Products or Services
Certain products or services may be available exclusively online through the website. These products or services may have limited quantities and are subject to return or exchange only according to our Return Policy.
 
We have made every effort to display, as accurately as possible, the colors and images of our products that appear on the site. We cannot guarantee that your computer monitor's display of any color will be accurate.
 
We reserve the right but are not obligated, to limit the sales of our products or Services to any person, geographic region, or jurisdiction. We may exercise this right on a case-by-case basis. We reserve the right to limit the quantities of any products or services that we offer. All descriptions of products or product pricing are subject to change at any time without notice, at our sole discretion. We reserve the right to discontinue any product at any time. Any offer for any product or service made on this site is void where prohibited.
 
We do not warrant that the quality of any products, services, information, or other material purchased or obtained by you will meet your expectations, or that any errors in the Service will be corrected.
   13. 13.Accuracy of Billing and Account Information
We reserve the right to refuse any order you place with us. We may, in our sole discretion, limit or cancel quantities purchased per person, per household, or order. These restrictions may include orders placed by or under the same customer account, the same credit card, and/or orders that use the same billing and/or shipping address. If we make a change to or cancel an order, we may attempt to notify you by contacting the email address, billing address, or phone number provided at the time the order was made. We reserve the right to limit or prohibit orders that, in our sole judgment, appear to be placed by dealers, resellers, or distributors.
 
You agree to provide current, complete, and accurate purchase and account information for all purchases made at our store. You agree to promptly update your account and other information, including your email address, credit card numbers, and expiration dates so that we can complete your transactions and contact you as needed.
 
For more details, please review our Returns & Exchange Policy.
   14. 14.Payment
When providing credit card information, the credit card must be your own. If the credit card does not belong to you, you must have permission from the account holder to use their card for your transactions.
We do not accept personal checks, money orders, or direct bank transfers. Please note, that items will not be shipped until the transaction has been cleared.
Any use of fraudulent chargebacks simply to get free merchandise is not only strictly prohibited, but also criminal fraud, and will be dealt with by reporting such chargebacks to your local police department and a credit bureau, as well as referring the matter to a court of competent jurisdiction.
   15. 15.Order Confirmation
An email confirmation will be sent once payment has been received. Once the order has been confirmed, the item(s) will be processed, packed, and shipped out and as such, it will not be possible to cancel your order. If you opt to cancel the order after delivery, you agree that the associated delivery charges will be deducted from your payment before making any refund. 

NOTE: Once your order is fully paid and confirmed you can receive it from the nearest branch in your area. (link) click here to see the closest branch to your location. 
 
   16. 16.Order Modifications
Please contact us as soon as possible if you need to modify or cancel your order. Modifications and cancellations can only be made before the order has been packed. We will not accept any modification or cancellation requests after the order has been packed or shipped.
   17. 17.Shipping Confirmation
Once your order has been dispatched, a shipping confirmation email will be sent. Please keep this email as a reference as it will also include your order tracking number, carrier, and instructions on how to track your package.

NOTE: Once your order is fully paid and confirmed you can receive it from the nearest branch in your area. (link) click here to see the closest branch to your location. 
 
   18. 18.Delivery
Please refer to our 'Shipping Policy' page.
   19. 19.Returns & Exchanges
Please refer to our 'Returns Policy' page.
   20. 20.Price Changes & Stock Availability
Prices are subject to change without prior notice.
While we endeavor to provide you with the most accurate and up-to-date information, occasionally ordered items may not be available as listed.
In the case that part of your order is unavailable or out of stock, the item(s) will be canceled from the order with notification and where applicable, a refund shall be applied for the cost of the regarding item(s).
1886 Fashion ensures that all our product descriptions and prices are up-to-date and as accurate as possible. However, in a few cases, pricing errors may occur with our listings. Should we discover a pricing error while processing your order and payment, we will immediately rectify the problem before canceling and refunding you for your order. We will also make sure to inform you about the error with your order as soon as possible.
Exchange Rate: If you are a customer whose credit/debit card is not denominated in SAR, the final price will be calculated under the applicable exchange rate on the day your card issuer processes the transaction.
   21. 21.Promotional & Store Credit Codes
Where a promotional code is required for an offer or discounted price, the code should be entered during the checkout process.
Customers should take care when entering codes, checking that the offer/credit has been applied. Should you find that the code is inapplicable or invalid, please refer to the specific conditions for the code as the promotion may have already expired. Should you have difficulty applying store credit to your order, please contact us via email at info@1886fashion.com.
   22. 22.Discounts, Sales & Promotions
From time to time, 1886 Fashion may offer discounts and/or promotions. Discount, sales, and/or promotional offers and prices are only applicable when checking out while the offer is still valid. Time restrictions will be stated where applicable. Please note that certain brands are excluded from all sales and promotions and certain restrictions apply. 1886 Fashion reserves the right to amend, extend, or terminate these offers at an earlier date without prior notice.
Countries Eligible for Free Shipping Promotion*: Saudi Arabia, UAE, Bahrain, Kuwait, Oman.
*Free shipping applies to regular-priced items only.
   23. 23.General Program Terms and Conditions
As a registered customer and/or user, you are agreeing to our terms and conditions below for our 1886 Fashion VIP Program.
All registered users are automatically enrolled to qualify for an 1886 Fashion VIP Membership.
Our system will keep track of all your purchase records, from the start of this program, to ensure that all your rewards points are valid towards the program, please take note of the following:
   * Ensure you are a registered customer. New customers can register by clicking.
   * Ensure you are logged in when placing your order to receive (reward points).
   * Make sure your order does not include any sale/discounted or promotional items.
   * If you meet the requirements for the program but did not acquire any membership confirmation, please contact us (quoting your order number).
To be qualified for an 1886 Fashion VIP Membership:
   * Only Regular Priced Items are counted towards your rewards points.
   * Certain New Arrivals are not counted towards your reward points.
   * Sale Items are not counted towards your reward points. Discounted and/or other promotions are not counted towards your rewards points.
   * Shipping Fee is not counted towards your rewards points.
   * 1886 Fashion VIP membership is non-transferable.
   * Brands Excluded from 1886 Fashion VIP Membership Discount: 
FAMT, 1886, Hadoro and Consignment Brands.
   * Items that are considered oversized or overweight may require additional shipping fees, which are calculated during the check-out process. Oversized/overweight items are not eligible for free shipping.
   24. If You Want to Upgrade:
From SILVER to GOLD: Spend an additional 5,000.00 SAR within 6 months from the date you became a SILVER member to upgrade to GOLD.
From GOLD to BLACK: Spend an additional 10,000.00 SAR within 6 months from the date you became a GOLD member to upgrade to BLACK.
Qualifying spending to maintain status or upgrade to the next tier will be accumulated for 12 months from the month of card issuance or the date of status upgrade/renewal.
Sale, Discounted, and/or other Promotion items are not counted towards the upgrade/ renewal.
1886 Fashion may, in its sole discretion, alter, limit, or modify the 1886 Fashion VIP Program rules, regulations, benefits, eligibility for membership, or any other feature of the program or may terminate the program at any time in its sole discretion, without prior notice. 1886 Fashion reserves the right to make the final decision on all disputes.
Countries Eligible for Free Shipping Promotion*: Saudi Arabia, UAE, Bahrain, Kuwait, Oman.
*Free shipping applies to regular-priced items only.
   25. 25.Gift Cards
Gift cards are non-transferable and may not be canceled, returned, or refunded.
Gift cards may not be used in conjunction with another gift card in each order.
Please make sure you have entered a valid email address of the recipient as we are not responsible for Gift Cards that are lost, stolen, destroyed, or used without permission.
   27. After Sales Survey Discount
   * Validate for 12 months
   * Discounts can be applied to regular-priced items only.
   * Certain brands are excluded.
   * Certain restrictions may apply.
   * Coupon codes and discounts may not be used in conjunction with each order.
   28. Errors, Inaccuracies, and Omissions
Occasionally there may be information on our site or in the Service that contains typographical errors, inaccuracies, or omissions that may relate to product descriptions, pricing, promotions, offers, product shipping charges, transit times, and availability. We reserve the right to correct any errors, inaccuracies, or omissions, and to change or update information or cancel orders if any information in the Service or on any related website is inaccurate at any time without prior notice (including after you have submitted your order).
 
We undertake no obligation to update, amend, or clarify information in the Service or on any related website, including without limitation, pricing information, except as required by law. No specified update or refresh date applied in the Service or on any related website should be taken as an indicator that all information in the Service or on any related website has been modified or updated.
 
Legal
   29. 29.Copyright
You agree not to copy, distribute, display, disseminate, or otherwise reproduce any of the information on our website, or our website itself, including text, graphics, illustrations, logos, button icons, images, audio, video and music, and the selection and layout of such content, without our prior written permission. This includes but is not limited to, a prohibition on aggregating product information reviews and forum content made available on our website.
   30. 30.Trademarks
1886 Fashion is a registered trademark under the authority and jurisdiction of the Ministry of Commerce and Investment. Under the Gulf Cooperation Council, Trademark Law was approved by Royal Decree No. 51 of 25 May 2014, and which entered into force in Saudi Arabia on September 27, 2016.
   31. 31.Revocation of Consent
Where 1886 Fashion has given prior written consent for your use of our protected material under our above “Copyright” and “Trademarks” provisions, we may revoke that consent at any time. If we so request, we may require that you immediately take action to remove from circulation, display, publication, or other dissemination, any of the marks, copyrighted content, or other materials that we previously consented for you to use.
   32. 32.Prohibited Uses
In addition to other prohibitions as set forth in the Terms of Service, you are prohibited from using the site or its content: (a) for any unlawful purpose; (b) to solicit others to perform or participate in any unlawful acts; (c) to violate any international, federal, provincial or state regulations, rules, laws, or local ordinances; (d) to infringe upon or violate our intellectual property rights or the intellectual property rights of others; (e) to harass, abuse, insult, harm, defame, slander, disparage, intimidate, or discriminate based on gender, religion, ethnicity, race, age, national origin, or disability; (f) to submit false or misleading information; (g) to upload or transmit viruses or any other type of malicious code that will or may be used in any way that will affect the functionality or operation of the Service or of any related website, other websites, or the Internet; (h) to collect or track the personal information of others; (i) to spam, phish, pharm, pretext, spider, crawl, or scrape; (j) for any obscene or immoral purpose; or (k) to interfere with or circumvent the security features of the Service or any related website, other websites, or the Internet. We reserve the right to terminate your use of the Service or any related website for violating any of the prohibited uses.
   33. 33.Disclaimer of Warranties; Limitation of Liability
We provide this website on an “as is” and “as available” basis. You, therefore, use the website at your own risk. WE EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, AND ANY OTHER WARRANTY THAT MIGHT ARISE UNDER ANY LAW. Without limiting the foregoing, we make no representation or warranties (i) that the website will be permitted in your jurisdiction; (ii) that the website will be uninterrupted or error-free; (iii) concerning any third party’s use of user content that you submit; or (iv) concerning any user content submitted by any other user.
TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY THE LAW: IN NO EVENT SHALL WE, OUR OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, AFFILIATES, OR AGENTS, BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM ANY (I) ERRORS, MISTAKES, OR INACCURACIES OF CONTENT, (II) PERSONAL INJURY OR PROPERTY DAMAGE, OF ANY NATURE WHATSOEVER, RESULTING FROM YOUR ACCESS TO AND USE OF OUR SERVICES, (III) ANY UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR USE OF OUR SECURE SERVERS AND/OR ANY AND ALL PERSONAL INFORMATION STORED THEREIN, (IV) ANY INTERRUPTION OR CESSATION OF TRANSMISSION TO OR FROM OUR SERVICES, (V) ANY BUGS, VIRUSES TROJAN HORSES, OR THE LIKE, WHICH MAY BE TRANSMITTED TO OR THROUGH OUR SERVICES BY ANY THIRD PARTY, AND/OR (VI) ANY ERRORS OR OMISSIONS IN ANY CONTENT OR FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE OF ANY KIND INCURRED AS A RESULT OF YOUR USE OF ANY CONTENT POSTED, EMAILED, TRANSMITTED, OR OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE VIA OUR WEBSITE, WHETHER BASED ON WARRANTY, CONTRACT, TORT, OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY, AND WHETHER OR NOT WE ARE ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. THE FOREGOING LIMITATION OF LIABILITY SHALL APPLY TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW IN THE APPLICABLE JURISDICTION.
YOU SPECIFICALLY ACKNOWLEDGE THAT WE DO NOT ACTIVELY SCREEN BLOG COMMENTS AND FORUM POSTS BEFORE THEY ARE UPLOADED TO OUR WEBSITE BY THIRD PARTIES AND, WHETHER OR NOT WE WOULD OTHERWISE NORMALLY BE HELD LIABLE FOR SUCH WORDS UNDER THE LAWS OF HONG KONG OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION, WE SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR THE CONTENT OR THE DEFAMATORY, OFFENSIVE, OR ILLEGAL CONDUCT OF ANY THIRD PARTY AND THAT THE RISK OF HARM OR DAMAGE FROM THE FOREGOING RESTS ENTIRELY WITH YOU.
THE WEBSITE IS OFFERED BY US FROM OUR FACILITIES IN HONG KONG. WE MAKE NO REPRESENTATIONS THAT THE SITE IS APPROPRIATE OR AVAILABLE FOR USE IN OTHER LOCATIONS. THOSE WHO ACCESS OR USE THE WEBSITE FROM OTHER JURISDICTIONS DO SO OF THEIR OWN VOLITION AND ARE RESPONSIBLE FOR COMPLIANCE WITH LOCAL LAW.
We do not guarantee, represent, or warrant that your use of our service will be uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error-free.
 
We do not warrant that the results that may be obtained from the use of the service will be accurate or reliable.
 
You agree that from time to time we may remove the service for indefinite periods or cancel the service at any time, without notice to you.
 
You expressly agree that your use of, or inability to use, the service is at your sole risk. The service and all products and services delivered to you through the service are (except as expressly stated by us) provided 'as is' and 'as available' for your use, without any representation, warranties, or conditions of any kind, either express or implied, including all implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, merchantable quality, fitness for a particular purpose, durability, title, and non-infringement.
   34. 34.Governing Laws
These Terms and Conditions and any separate agreements whereby we provide you Services shall be governed by and construed under the laws of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia.
   35. 35.Indemnification
You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless 1886 Fashion Trading Co. and our affiliates, directors, officers, employees, and agents from and against any claims, damages, obligations, losses, liabilities, costs or debt, and expenses (including but not limited to attorneys’ fees) that: (i) arise from your activities on the website; (ii) assert a violation by you of any term of these Terms & Conditions; (iii) assert that any user content you submitted to the website violates any law or infringes any third party right, including any intellectual property or privacy rights; or (iv) any breach of our General Rules of Conduct or our Online Community Policy as detailed above. This defense and indemnification obligation will survive these Terms & Conditions and your use of the website.
   36. 36.Severability
If any provision of these Terms and Conditions is determined to be unlawful, void, or unenforceable, such provision shall nonetheless be enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, and the unenforceable portion shall be deemed to be severed from these Terms and Conditions, such determination shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any other remaining provisions.
   37. 37.Modifications of Terms & Conditions
We may, in our sole discretion, modify or revise these Terms & Conditions at any time. Once changes are posted, these changes become effective immediately and if you use the website after they become effective, it will signify your agreement to be bound by such modifications or revisions. These Terms & Conditions cannot be changed or terminated orally. You should check back regularly and review the terms and conditions of this agreement, so you are aware of the most current rights and obligations that apply to you and the terms and conditions of your agreement with us. The bottom of this Terms & Conditions page will explicitly state the “Last Updated Date”, which should indicate to you the Terms & Conditions that are currently in effect.
   38. 38.Termination
The obligations and liabilities of the parties incurred before the termination date shall survive the termination of this agreement for all purposes.
These Terms of Service are effective unless and until terminated by either us or you. You may terminate these Terms of Service at any time by notifying us that you no longer wish to use our Services, or when you cease using our site.
If in our sole judgment, you fail, or we suspect that you have failed, to comply with any term or provision of these Terms of Service, we also may terminate this agreement at any time without notice and you will remain liable for all amounts due up to and including the date of termination; and/or accordingly may deny you access to our Services (or any part thereof).
   39. 39.Entire Agreement
The failure of us to exercise or enforce any right or provision of these Terms of Service shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision.
 
These Terms of Service and any policies or operating rules posted by us on this site or concerning the Service constitute the entire agreement and understanding between you and us and govern your use of the Service, superseding any prior or contemporaneous agreements, communications, and proposals, whether oral or written, between you and us (including, but not limited to, any prior versions of the Terms of Service).
 
Any ambiguities in the interpretation of these Terms of Service shall not be construed against the drafting party.
   40. 40.Contact Information
If you have any questions, concerns, or notices of violations of these terms and conditions, please contact the editor of 1886 Fashion by sending an email to info@1886fashion.com.  
Last Updated Date: 2024